# Learn-It-Training-S4-HANA-SAP-Simple-Finance-All-SAP-courses
Whether you’re an SAP professional, developer, consultant, entrepreneur, professor or student you can keep up to date with the latest innovations from SAP at your availability with online classes. Learn IT Training is a dynamic e-learning podium which provides you virtual environment with effective online learning experience by industry experts across India,USA,Canada,Australia,UAE&amp; UK.We impart technology  which takes you to improved performance and focus on growth and innovation. Run Simple In a Digital World with SAP S4 HANA SAP S4 HANA: SAP built a new, intelligent ERP solution in a digital core of entire business. It is a real-time enterprise resource management suite for digital business.It is a industry leading enterprise cloud to shorten time-to-value and deploy a digital core. SAP S/4HANA supports the Internet of Things (IoT), Big Data, real-time analytics, mobile, business networks, third-party systems, and more.Through SAP HANA one can experience through supporting  3000+ databases under management. Did You Know? SAP S/4HANA Simple Finance is a combination of SAP Accounting powered by SAP HANA, SAP Cash Management and SAP Integrated Business Planning (IP, BPC and embedded BW) for Finance and also includes additional innovations in the areas of Treasury and Financial Risk Management, Collaborative Finance Operations and more Some industry solutions and SAP ERP add-ons are not fully compatible with SAP Simple Finance, like Asset Accounting (FI-AA). Carefully assess compatibility with other components in your landscape. SAP® S/4HANA embedded analytics is the collection of all analytics features integrated in the SAP S/4HANA suite that enables business users, business analysts, and IT to perform real-time process analytics.  Training Plan  Duration: 25 Working Days (Monday to Friday)  Timings: Daily 1 Hour to 2 Hours Based on Topic of the dayDate wise schedule will be issued once Registration is conform Recordings: Daily topic wise recording will be sent in 24 hours  Practice materials: Daily topic wise Materials will be sent in 24 hours   Highlights Of SAP S4 HANA Online Training: The latest version of SAP S4 HANA cloud go with innovations in digital transformation across different lines of business and increase efficiency and made it simple. Increase revenue, profit, and market share Integrated  quality management Production planning and detailed scheduling and extended warehouse management within  the digital core to simplify your landscape High insights and expected analytics Drive real time decision making …..and more   Curricula Of Online Course: SAP S/4HANA Introduction  SAP S/4HANA Implementation and Administration SAP S/4HANA Programming SAP S/4HANA Enterprise Management SAP S/4HANA Analytics
